Add Hammer CLI procedures for SCC Manager plug-in (#2468)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-an-scc-account.adoc

Note that you have to re-enter your password if you have already saved your SCC account to {Project}.
. Click *Submit* to save your SCC account to {Project}.
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content > SUSE Subscriptions*, select your SCC account, and click *Sync* to fetch a list of products associated to your SCC account.

[id="cli-Adding_an_SCC_Account_to_Server_{context}"]
.CLI procedure
. Optional: Import the public GPG key from SUSE into {Project}.
+
For more information, see {ContentManagementDocURL}cli-importing-a-gpg-key[Importing a GPG Key] in _{ContentManagementDocTitle}_.
. Add your SCC account to {Project}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# hammer scc_manager scc_accounts create \
--base-url "https://scc.suse.com/" \
--interval _My_Interval_ \
--katello-gpg-key-id _My_GPG_Key_ID_ \
--location-id _My_Location_ID_ \
--login "_My_SCC_Account_Name_" \
--name "_My_Account_Name_" \
--organization-id _My_Organization_ID_ \
--password "_My_SCC_Account_Password" \
--sync-date _My_Sync_Date_
----

> . Test your SCC account credentials:

Author: Added.

+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# hammer scc_manager scc_accounts test_connection \
--id _My_SCC_Account_ID_
----
. Synchronize the list of available SUSE products to {Project}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# hammer scc_manager scc_accounts sync \
--id _My_SCC_Account_ID_
----
. Check the status of the task:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# hammer task info \
--id _My_Task_ID_
----
+

> Rerun this command until Hammer returns `State: stopped` and `Result: success`.

Author: Good call. Changed.

. Click *Submit* to save your SCC account to {Project}.
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content > SUSE Subscriptions*, select your SCC account, and click *Sync* to fetch a list of products associated to your SCC account.

[id="cli-Adding_an_SCC_Account_to_Server_{context}"]
.CLI procedure
. Optional: Import the public GPG key from SUSE into {Project}.
+
For more information, see {ContentManagementDocURL}cli-importing-a-gpg-key[Importing a GPG Key] in _{ContentManagementDocTitle}_.
. Add your SCC account to {Project}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# hammer scc_manager scc_accounts create \
--base-url "https://scc.suse.com/" \
--interval _My_Interval_ \
--katello-gpg-key-id _My_GPG_Key_ID_ \
--location-id _My_Location_ID_ \
--login "_My_SCC_Account_Name_" \
--name "_My_Account_Name_" \
--organization-id _My_Organization_ID_ \
--password "_My_SCC_Account_Password" \
--sync-date _My_Sync_Date_
----
. Test your SCC account credentials:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# hammer scc_manager scc_accounts test_connection \
--id _My_SCC_Account_ID_
----
+

> Ensure Hammer CLI returns `Testing connection for SCC account succeeded.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the command returns `Testing connection for SCC account succeeded.`
```
In my view, one dot here is sufficient, however; if you have some guidelines for dealing with this type of sentence please share.

Author: Swapped "`" and "." & applied.

. Synchronize the list of available SUSE products to {Project}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# hammer scc_manager scc_accounts sync \
--id _My_SCC_Account_ID_
----
. Check the status of the task:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# hammer task info \
--id _My_Task_ID_
----
+

> The synchronization is complete once Hammer CLI returns `State: stopped` and `Result: success`.

Reviewer: I never quite understood why we call it Hammer CLI. From my understanding, `Hammer` is a tool which is run on the CLI.
```suggestion
The synchronization is complete once the command returns `State: stopped` and `Result: success`.
```

Author: Applied.
